Add source code (#1835)
Scalingo/documentation: src/_posts/languages/java/2000-01-01-start.md

* Scala: see the specific documentation page [here]({% post_url languages/scala/2000-01-01-start %}).
* Groovy: see the specific documentation page [here]({% post_url languages/groovy/2000-01-01-start %}).
* Clojure: see the specific documentation page [here]({% post_url languages/clojure/2000-01-01-start %}).

> * Kotlin: see the sample deployed [here](https://sample-kotlin.scalingo.io/), and [the source code](https://github.com/Scalingo/sample-kotlin).

Reviewer: While you are on it ;)

```suggestion
* Kotlin: see the sample deployed [here](https://kotlin.is-easy-on-scalingo.com/), and [the source code](https://github.com/Scalingo/sample-kotlin).
```
